But how do you see that we have.
Sure multi-brand all should run.
That's me.
When we are should not right that's me.
This case will not run in rock number one.
We can also.
Charles rot in the host group then we created a group called Rock number two.
Then we took this case.
Shawled always ran into a rock number two and the same food kids want the children in rock.
Number one of course you need to get an idea about the different rules that we're going to use and know
which one should be the perfect and two small configuration that will work perfectly.
So also we have Schrute and musts so virtual machine intergroup what should or must.
What's the difference between truly and musts virtual machine that that's a member of the VM group.
Should that run on the host Group.
That's college group 1 and then we have.
Must mean must run.
The difference between truly and must is that when we say that case number one should run into Group
1.
The top 2 E6 I want and E-6 I 2 and 6 I treat that's me.
If something wrong happened to do Haast it's like that for example is X I won tickets done.
This machine will be migrated to a house number two or number three.
Also if something wrong happen to do E-6 i.e. number 3 it will be idea to do Holst's and virtual and
so on and so on.
But in case stats do fall rock tickets don't like that this rock tickets are dumb and out of cities
all those years I was out of service.
In this case when we chose shawled that's mean.
It is recommended to run this virtual machine in the rack number one group of the hostages br1 But in
this situation you can McGinty's this virtual machine from the rack number 1 to rack number 2 or any
rack available.
If you have for example track number 3 it will go to do it in a bit rich of way.
Having them in the same group but as we chose.
She told me we still are able to run this virtual machine in the rack number.
So we will keep our machine working perfectly without any problem when we chose short but in any case
when we choose must when we chose must mean this machine must run into rack number one and if something
wrong happened to rack number one that's mean all the server in rack number 1 out of service don't McGary
this machine.
This virtual machine will be out of service.
It will be out of service into this Iraq gets voted on.
Or get back to the life.
So this machine will be date.
When do rock or a group of the hosts date the machine will be out of service and the company will keep
using two other cases.
Number two it's Intel.
So this is the difference between must and choose to say must run and must not run.
That's me.
If we chose must not run the group in a better one.
So for example this machine that ran into rock number one and something wrong happened to this rock.
It will migrated to another host that does not exist in the group number one.
If then the other hosts like that the other hosts have something wrong again.
Like that this ARAC I can take it down.
Then he try to migrate this machine to another host.
But when he can't find unavailable Haast only does one that exist in the group one that must not run
in it.
Then this machine will be out of service until one of the different hosts.
That does not exist in the group.
One will be available.
Then he will migrate this machine traits and I it on again.
So this is the idea of should and must and will rant and should not read.
So in my situation we choose VM group one that top the tree or machine number one end to Hulst group
the top E-6 I.
That's mean we want to run this virtual machine to show the rat or the trolls.
Mustard and Mc Do a cluster action quickly so we give it this idea Itek.
If we back itat and try to remember we should rule for example the House is E-6 I want the virtual machine
is Windows XP and Windows 7 should run Windows 7 exist in D6 I joked and we want this virtual machine
to run into Group 1.
The top Isak's I one lets me distort Vitry machine will be migrated from.
I too and expatriate to ESX one.
So if we back to our route then we chose DMH to use x y one like that that's mean to virtual machine
will be migrated to do you.
I want virtual machine to host them.
Group 1 to host Group month must run.
So we click OK.
No you will see a new road.
Or is it that it will take time to start migrating the virtual machine from different difference is
I do I one of the group number one
does it no it start migrating to Windows 7.
If you click on Nate the task migrate between machine migrating them seven virtual machine Windows 7
from 6 2.
I want and the resource pool cluster in Morocco.
So hard migrating Windows 7 from E-6 I taught land one in Morocco six I want land one in Morocco.
So after finishing this migration it will start the second one.
Windows XP.
So let's give us a little time and see what would happen.
So of course when you create your route you need to make a logical road try to avoid any conflict.
Of course when you do a conflict you would see a missile or a tear but you have a conflict between Rule
for example shows that this machine must run in it.
I want then you create another rule and shows that this machine must run into it.
I do.
Then you have a conflict.
This machine must run into it what I want and then must run it is x number two.
So you have a conflict between two different route to always make a logic when you try to add some route.
So all dysfunction.
How do virtual machine keep voted on without any problem.
So Windows 7 x Keep on its own.
And of course after the end of this group we'll have three virtual machine Vanney and E6 I one that's
me dearest.
Will recalculate the balance of the cluster and we'll McGlade any virtual machine that there is not
conflict.
We do run to another ESX I in my situation we have for example two virtual machine already exists in
the Isak's I want.
So we have four and five other that exists in E6 I want you remember when we deleted that rule to put
this to machine six.
I want him to get it to Windows 7 where they start again as you see he starts migrating to Windows.
Number five how to migrate Windows XP from if I want.
One is to land one.
Of course here you see that the preview task is finished.
It's deeply émigrés.
This machine does great virtual machines 17:6 I tell you is X I want it cluster Morocco.
Then if we refresh this one you'll see that is x.
I wanna know how the machine another machine is come in.
So we have an overloading in is X Y and automatically there is try to balance the loading for the different
hosts.
And of course they will await to touch the Windows 7 and do Windows XP number five.
So it can be when migrate one of those to a machine or maybe both of them will migrated to different
tasks in the cluster.
So this is the idea of the root of unity at the level of the host to the virtual machine.
So the same if we get some other virtual machine to host you can chose must not et cetera.
Then we have do virtual machine to virtual machine.
Of course we need to add our mother group over to your machine.
So lets do it.
So for that we back to the host group.
We try to add a moderate group of the virtual machine VM group then group number two like that we chose
and then we when we chose before chose number 5 and 7.
So for example we chose number four for example like that.
OK of course we can add as much as virtual machine
and we chose virtual machine to virtual machine and we chose group one to group do which a machine in
the VM group work will be restarted the first virtual machine in the group then group 2 will be started
after 1.
When the cluster the poncey restart condition has been made.
So this option when needed if you have some virtual machines that have connection with some other virtual
machine.
For example the group member when you add the virtual machine that's responsible for for example the
active directory DNS the they are C.P. then you'll start the second group of virtual machines that connect
to the active directory or to the DNS to get a name for the different or do the ACP et cetera.
So you chose the one that should restart first thing to save and one that should restart.
SIGURD.
So the next video.